Release 1.113.0 (#4337)
deltachat/deltachat-core-rust: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.113.0] - 2023-04-18

### Added
- New JSON-RPC API `can_send()`.
- New `dc_get_next_msgs()` and `dc_wait_next_msgs()` C APIs.
  New `get_next_msgs()` and `wait_next_msgs()` JSON-RPC API.
  These APIs can be used by bots to get all unprocessed messages
  in the order of their arrival and wait for them without relying on events.
- New Python bindings API `Account.wait_next_incoming_message()`.
- New Python bindings APIs `Message.is_from_self()` and `Message.is_from_device()`.

### Changes
- Increase MSRV to 1.65.0. #4236
- Remove upper limit on the attachment size. #4253
- Update rPGP to 0.10.1. #4236
- Compress HTML emails stored in the `mime_headers` column of the database.
- Strip BIDI characters in system messages, files, group names and contact names. #3479
- Use release date instead of the provider database update date in `maybe_add_time_based_warnings()`.
- Gracefully terminate `deltachat-rpc-server` on Ctrl+C (`SIGINT`), `SIGTERM` and EOF.
- Async Python API `get_fresh_messages_in_arrival_order()` is deprecated
  in favor of `get_next_msgs()` and `wait_next_msgs()`.
- Remove metadata from avatars and JPEG images before sending. #4037

> - Reduce + recode images to JPEG if they are > 500K in size. #4037

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recode PNG and other supported image formats to JPEG if they are > 500K in size. #4037
```

Reviewer 2: JPEGs and other images are also reduced in linear size if they are > 500K. That's why the word "Reduce" was here

Reviewer: i see :) tbh, i found the original entry very confusing and hard to understand, but maybe this is only me. also, i think, the changelog should point out changes mainly - and scaling down JPEG was always the case.

but yes, we can improve, maybe say ` Recode PNG and other supported image formats to JPEG if they are > 500K in size (JPEG images will be scaled down as before) #4037` or so - feel free to add a suggestion.

Reviewer 2: Yes, scaling JPEGs down was before but only if a JPEG exceeds the limit on linear size, not the byte size. I think we can add this note on the next line, it's probably less important than changing an image format
